
Write the following terminal commands to perform the following tasks:


Part I

1. make a directory called first

    mkdir first



2. change directory to the first folder

    cd first



3. create a file called person.txt

    touch person.txt


4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt

    mv person.txt another.txt



5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt

    cp another.txt copy.txt



6. remove the copy.txt file

    rm copy.txt



7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second

    cd ..
    cp -r first second



8. delete the second folder

    rm -r second






                Part II            


1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?

    The command man opens a manual that gives you more details. You scroll by using the up and down keys on the keyboard and you can get out by pressing Q on the keyboard.   



2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?

    The -l flag is for using a long listing format.
    The -a flag  shows all files including the hidden files in a directory.


3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?

    Alt + Left/Right (Windows)


4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?

    Control + E (Windows)


5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?

    Control + A (Windows)


6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?

    Control + W (Windows)



7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?

    The terminal is a text input and output environment, and the shell is the name of the program that runs in the terminal. 



8. What is an absolute path?

    When you're starting from the root directory


9. What is an relative path?


    Relative to where I am currently in a directory



10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.

    A flag helps modify the operations of a command

        Examples: 
        1 ls -a
        2 rm -f
        3 rm -r


11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?

    The -r flag removes directories and their contents recursively
    The -f flag ignores nonexistent files and arguments

